c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7.dll
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7.pdb
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.g.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.dll
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.pdb
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7.dll
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7.pdb
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.g.resources
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.dll
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.pdb
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\Sunil\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WNv1\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
